c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\HotelManagementSystem.Domain.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\HotelManagementSystem.Domain.pdb
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.Design.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Hosting.Server.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Design.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.Design.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Caching.Memory.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Options.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\Remotion.Linq.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Interactive.Async.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\bin\Debug\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\obj\Debug\HotelManagementSystem.Domain.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\obj\Debug\HotelManagementSystem.Domain.dll
c:\users\senex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HotelManagementSystem\HotelManagementSystem.Domain\obj\Debug\HotelManagementSystem.Domain.pdb
